docs/games/Single-Player/GVGAI/Zen Puzzle.rst, before:

Zen Puzzle
==========

Description
-------------

No Description

Objects
-------

.. list-table:: Tiles
   :header-rows: 2

   * - Name ->
     - avatar
     - ground
     - rock
   * - Map Char ->
     - A
     - g
     - r
   * - SPRITE_2D
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-SPRITE_2D-avatar.png
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-SPRITE_2D-ground.png
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-SPRITE_2D-rock.png
   * - BLOCK_2D
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-BLOCK_2D-avatar.png
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-BLOCK_2D-ground.png
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-BLOCK_2D-rock.png


Levels
---------

.. list-table:: Levels
   :header-rows: 1

   * - 
     - SPRITE_2D
     - BLOCK_2D
   * - 0
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-0.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-0.png
   * - 1
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-1.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-1.png
   * - 2
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-2.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-2.png
   * - 3
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-3.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-3.png
   * - 4
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-4.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-4.png

YAML
----

.. code-block:: YAML

   Version: "0.1"
   Environment:
     Name: Zen Puzzle
     TileSize: 24
     BackgroundTile: gvgai/oryx/backBiege.png
     Player:
       Actions:
         DirectControl: avatar
     Termination:
       Win:
         - eq: [ground:count, 0]
       Lose:
         - eq: [_max_steps, 1000]
     Levels:
       - |
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggggg...
         .A.ggrrgg...
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggggg...
         ............
         ............
         ............
       - |
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...gggggg...
         ...ggggrg...
         ...gggggg...
         .A.ggrggg...
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggggg...
         ............
         ............
         ............
       - | 
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggrgg...
         ...gggggg...
         .A.grgggg...
         ...ggggrg...
         ...gggggg...
         ............
         ............
         ............
       - |
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...ggrrgg...
         ...rggggr...
         .A.ggrrgg...
         ...rggggr...
         ...ggrrgg...
         ............
         ............
         ............
       - | 
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...rggggg...
         ...ggrgrg...
         ...rgggrg...
         .A.ggrggg...
         ...rgggrg...
         ...ggrggg...
         ............
         ............
         ............

   Actions:
     # Define the move action
     - Name: move
       Behaviours:
         # The agent can move around freely in empty space and over holes
         - Src:
             Object: avatar
             Commands:
               - mov: _dest
                  
           Dst:
             Object: _empty

         - Src:
             Object: avatar
             Commands:
               - mov: _dest
           Dst:
             Object: ground
             Commands:
               - change_to: walked 

   Objects:
     - Name: avatar
       MapCharacter: A
       Z: 1
       Observers:
         Sprite2D:
           Image: gvgai/oryx/angel1.png
         Block2D:
           Shape: square
           Color: [0.8, 0.2, 0.2]
           Scale: 0.6

     - Name: ground
       MapCharacter: g
       Observers:
         Sprite2D:
           Image: gvgai/oryx/floorTileOrange.png
         Block2D:
           Shape: square
           Color: [0.2, 0.2, 0.4]
           Scale: 0.7

     - Name: walked
       Z: 0
       Observers:
         Sprite2D:
           Image: gvgai/oryx/floorTileGreen.png
         Block2D:
           Shape: square
           Color: [0.2, 0.6, 0.2]
           Scale: 0.8

     - Name: rock
       MapCharacter: r
       Observers:
         Sprite2D:
           Image: gvgai/oryx/wall5.png
         Block2D:
           Shape: triangle
           Color: [0.2, 0.2, 0.2]
           Scale: 0.8

Commit message:

adding bit more info to some of the gvgai games

docs/games/Single-Player/GVGAI/Zen Puzzle.rst, after:

Zen Puzzle
==========

Description
-------------

Set all the tiles in the level to the same color, but you cannot move over a tile more than once! (Not even sure why this is zen its super frustrating)

Objects
-------

.. list-table:: Tiles
   :header-rows: 2

   * - Name ->
     - avatar
     - ground
     - rock
   * - Map Char ->
     - A
     - g
     - r
   * - SPRITE_2D
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-SPRITE_2D-avatar.png
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-SPRITE_2D-ground.png
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-SPRITE_2D-rock.png
   * - BLOCK_2D
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-BLOCK_2D-avatar.png
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-BLOCK_2D-ground.png
     - .. image:: img/Zen_Puzzle-object-BLOCK_2D-rock.png


Levels
---------

.. list-table:: Levels
   :header-rows: 1

   * - 
     - SPRITE_2D
     - BLOCK_2D
   * - 0
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-0.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-0.png
   * - 1
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-1.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-1.png
   * - 2
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-2.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-2.png
   * - 3
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-3.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-3.png
   * - 4
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-SPRITE_2D-4.png
     - .. thumbnail:: img/Zen_Puzzle-level-BLOCK_2D-4.png

YAML
----

.. code-block:: YAML

   Version: "0.1"
   Environment:
     Name: Zen Puzzle
     Description: Set all the tiles in the level to the same color, but you cannot move over a tile more than once! (Not even sure why this is zen its super frustrating)
     TileSize: 24
     BackgroundTile: gvgai/oryx/backBiege.png
     Player:
       Actions:
         DirectControl: avatar
     Termination:
       Win:
         - eq: [ground:count, 0]
       Lose:
         - eq: [_max_steps, 1000]
     Levels:
       - |
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggggg...
         .A.ggrrgg...
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggggg...
         ............
         ............
         ............
       - |
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...gggggg...
         ...ggggrg...
         ...gggggg...
         .A.ggrggg...
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggggg...
         ............
         ............
         ............
       - | 
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...gggggg...
         ...gggrgg...
         ...gggggg...
         .A.grgggg...
         ...ggggrg...
         ...gggggg...
         ............
         ............
         ............
       - |
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...ggrrgg...
         ...rggggr...
         .A.ggrrgg...
         ...rggggr...
         ...ggrrgg...
         ............
         ............
         ............
       - | 
         ............
         ............
         ............
         ...rggggg...
         ...ggrgrg...
         ...rgggrg...
         .A.ggrggg...
         ...rgggrg...
         ...ggrggg...
         ............
         ............
         ............

   Actions:
     # Define the move action
     - Name: move
       Behaviours:
         # The agent can move around freely in empty space and over holes
         - Src:
             Object: avatar
             Commands:
               - mov: _dest
                  
           Dst:
             Object: _empty

         - Src:
             Object: avatar
             Commands:
               - mov: _dest
           Dst:
             Object: ground
             Commands:
               - change_to: walked 

   Objects:
     - Name: avatar
       MapCharacter: A
       Z: 1
       Observers:
         Sprite2D:
           Image: gvgai/oryx/angel1.png
         Block2D:
           Shape: square
           Color: [0.8, 0.2, 0.2]
           Scale: 0.6

     - Name: ground
       MapCharacter: g
       Observers:
         Sprite2D:
           Image: gvgai/oryx/floorTileOrange.png
         Block2D:
           Shape: square
           Color: [0.2, 0.2, 0.4]
           Scale: 0.7

     - Name: walked
       Z: 0
       Observers:
         Sprite2D:
           Image: gvgai/oryx/floorTileGreen.png
         Block2D:
           Shape: square
           Color: [0.2, 0.6, 0.2]
           Scale: 0.8

     - Name: rock
       MapCharacter: r
       Observers:
         Sprite2D:
           Image: gvgai/oryx/wall5.png
         Block2D:
           Shape: triangle
           Color: [0.2, 0.2, 0.2]
           Scale: 0.8
